This module has a lot of complex moving pieces.
And honestly, that is just sometimes the case with security.
To make this easier though,
we're going to switch back to having authentication and
authorization done through just the database so that we
don't have another moving part.
What we are going to do though would work just as good with LDAP for
authentication and the database for authorization.
It just makes it easier to not have to also add in the
process of binding a user to the LDAP tree.
Switching this back is as simple as opening up our
ConferenceSecurityConfig and commenting out that ldapAuthentication that
we had put in, and I'm just going to use a block comment for that.
And we're going to uncomment the jdbcAuthentication that we had
left in here earlier. Now to verify that we are actually using the
same passwordEncoder, I'm also going to go ahead and add that on
the end of this line as well.
So now we have the same passwordEncoder using bcrypt
that we had before down there.
So we've just switched from auth.ldapAuthentication to
auth.jdbcAuthentication, supplied the data source and the same
passwordEncoder that we have to find just down below here, which is a BCryptPasswordEncoder.